Lk optimus updates (#679)
broadinstitute/warp: website/docs/Pipelines/Optimus_Pipeline/README.md

| annotations_gtf | Cloud path to the GTF containing gene annotations used for gene tagging (must match GTF in STAR reference). | NA |
| chemistry | Optional string describing whether data was generated with 10x v2 or v3 chemistry. Optimus validates this string. If the string does not match one of the optional strings, the pipeline will fail. You can remove the checks by setting "force_no_check = true" in the input JSON | "tenX_v2" (default) or "tenX_v3". |
| counting_mode | String describing whether data is single-cell or single-nucleus. Single-cell mode counts reads aligned to the gene transcript, whereas single-nucleus counts whole transcript to account for nuclear pre-mRNA. | "sc_rna" or "sn_rna" |

> | output_bam_basename | String used as a basename for output BAM file; the default is set the string used for the `input_id` parameter. | NA |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| output_bam_basename | String used as a basename for output BAM file; the default is set to the string used for the `input_id` parameter. | NA |
```

| Task name and WDL link | Tool | Software | Description | 
| --- | --- | --- | ------------------------------------ | 

> | [FastqProcessing.FastqProcessing (alias = SplitFastq)](https://github.com/broadinstitute/warp/blob/develop/tasks/skylab/FastqProcessing.wdl) | fastqprocess | sctools | Partitions the input FASTQ files by CB to create an array of FASTQ files that are each ~ 30 GB. This task is skipped if the input files are less than 30 GB. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [FastqProcessing.FastqProcessing (alias = SplitFastq)](https://github.com/broadinstitute/warp/blob/master/tasks/skylab/FastqProcessing.wdl) | fastqprocess | sctools | Partitions the input FASTQ files by CB to create an array of FASTQ files that are each ~ 30 GB. This task is skipped if the input files are smaller than 30 GB. | 
```
